Psalm 76 to the chief musician on
stringed instruments a psalm of Asaph a
cell
in Judah God is known his name is great
in Israel in Salem also is his
tabernacle and his dwelling place in
Zion there he broke the arrows of the
bow the shield and sword of battle you
are more glorious and excellent than the
mountains of prey the stout-hearted were
plundered they have sunk into their
sleep and none of the mighty men have
found the use of their hands at your
rebuke oh God of Jacob both the chariot
and horse were cast into a dead sleep
you yourself are to be feared and who
may stand in your presence when once you
are angry you cause judgment to be heard
from heaven the earth feared and was
still when God arose to judgment to
deliver all the oppressed of the earth
surely the wrath of man shall praise you
with the remainder of wrath you shall
gird yourself make vows to the Lord your
God and pay them
let all who are around him bring
presents to him who ought to be feared
he shall cut off the spirit of princes
he is awesome to the kings of the earth